welcome back side saber here and today
I'll be launching myself from my big
berth on minecraft cannon I've slightly
modified it from the previous video I've
introduced a full block instead of a
half block this will retract via a
piston underneath it at almost the last
possible second allowing for the full
force of the TNT to propel me forwards
and upwards hopefully into space here
goes nothing
so powerful it'll blow your skin off
apparently unfortunately didn't reach
the 5014 height limit will not high
limit height that I reached before but
it's still close enough so your mileage
may vary due to malfunctioning Rockets
but we're in space space I'm in space as
the moon and the Sun and a very long
fall to the bottom with a lot of
jittering let's throw some blocks
so shot me approximately 600 or so
blocks forward and I am Iron Man uh no
no no no no no no no no no am I gonna
break my knees perilee not and that was
the Big Bertha spaceflight and to finish
things off if we simply work a little
bit of rail and slanted rail in front of
the normal cannon this is what happens
very quick propulsion for words though
you are almost certainly guaranteed to
die